Add Input-Based Visually Hidden Utilities (#1454)
shoelace-style/webawesome: packages/webawesome/docs/docs/utilities/visually-hidden.md

</wa-card>
```

### Visually Hidden Input Parts

> Sometimes you want an <a href="/docs/components/input">input</a> to have a cleaner, more minimal appearance by hiding the `label` or `hint` visually. However, removing these elements entirely would make the form inaccessible to users with assistive devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes you want a form control to have a cleaner, more minimal appearance by hiding the `label` or `hint` visually. However, removing these elements entirely would make the form inaccessible to users with assistive devices.
```

Instead, you can hide them visually while keeping them available to screen readers by adding the `wa-visually-hidden-label` or `wa-visually-hidden-hint` class.

```html {.example}
<wa-input
  label="Search Articles"
  type="search"
  placeholder="Search for..."
  class="wa-visually-hidden-label"
  style="margin-block-end: 1rem;"
>
  <wa-icon slot="start" name="magnifying-glass" variant="regular"></wa-icon>
</wa-input>

<wa-input
  label="Phone Number"
  type="tel"
  hint="We'll send you a verification code"
  placeholder="(555) 867-5309"
  class="wa-visually-hidden-hint"
  style="margin-block-end: 1rem;"
>
  <wa-icon slot="start" name="phone" variant="regular"></wa-icon>
</wa-input>

<wa-input
  label="Email address"
  type="email"
  hint="We'll never share your email"
  placeholder="e.g. miles.morales@brooklynvisions.edu"
  class="wa-visually-hidden-label wa-visually-hidden-hint"
>
  <wa-icon slot="start" name="envelope" variant="regular"></wa-icon>

> </wa-input>

Reviewer: Would it be good to show a `<wa-select>` and/or another textbox-like form control to drive home the point? I think this applies to everything except checkboxes/switches.
